Microsoft Visual Studio 

Microsoft Visual Studio is an integrated development
environment (IDE) from Microsoft. It is used to develop 
computer programs for Microsoft Windows, as well as web 
sites, web applications and web services. Visual Studio
uses Microsoft software development platforms such as
Windows API, Windows Forms, Windows Presentation 
Foundation, Windows Store and Microsoft Silverlight. 
It can produce both native code and managed code.

-----------------------------------------------------------
Eclipse

In computer programming, Eclipse is an integrated 
development environment (IDE). It contains a base 
workspace and an extensible plug-in system for customizing
the environment. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can be
used to develop applications. By means of various 
plug-ins, Eclipse may also be used to develop applications 
in other programming languages: Ada, ABAP, C, C++, COBOL, 
Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Natural, Perl, PHP, 
Prolog, Python, R, Ruby (including Ruby on Rails 
framework), Scala, Clojure, Groovy, Scheme, and Erlang.

-----------------------------------------------------------
NetBeans

NetBeans is an integrated development environment (IDE) 
for developing primarily with Java, but also with other 
languages, in particular PHP, C/C++, and HTML5. It is also 
an application platform framework for Java desktop 
applications and others. The NetBeans IDE is written in 
Java and can run on Windows, OS X, Linux, Solaris and other
platforms supporting a compatible JVM.